Add Maintenance Request template (#2234)
pyvista/pyvista: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/maintenance-request.md

---
name: Maintenance Request

> about: Request that a maintenance need to PyVista

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Request general maintenance to code, CI, deployment, or otherwise
```
